[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2010 animated comedy-drama
film Toy Story 3 so let's get started 17
year old Andy is headed to college and
his toys have not been played with for
years he has sold most of them except
Woody Buzz Lightyear Jessie bullseye Rex
slinky ham mr. and mrs. Potato Head the
aliens and the green army man he intends
to take woody with him to college and
put the other toys in a trash bag to be
stored in the Attic except for the army
you men who leave Andy's mother
mistakenly throws the bag out the toys
escape and climb into her car into a
donation box with Barbie bound for the
Sunnyside daycare what he follows them
but is unable to convince them that Andy
meant for them to be kept and that the
mom accidentally donated them Andy's
toys are welcomed by lots o huggin bear
Lotso and the other toys at Sunnyside
except woody Andy's toys are delighted
to learn that Sunnyside never runs out
of children to play with and barbie is
enamored by the handsome Ken woody
attempts to return home but is found by
Bonnie who brings him home Bonnie's toy
chuckle explains that he lots o and big
baby once had an owner but were lost
during a family trip they made it home
where lots o found out that he had been
replaced lot Zoe's personality changed
and he lied to big baby saying that they
were all replaced when they found the
Sunnyside daycare
Lotso took over all the toys in chuckles
only escape because Bonnie took him home
for repair at Sunnyside Andy's toys are
horrified at the toddler's rough play
buzz asked Lotso to move them to the
older children's room but lot so Pat
raised buzz and restores him back to his
original factory settings erasing his
memories miss Potato Head through an eye
that she lost in Andy's room sees Andy
searching for them when they realize
woody is telling the truth they all try
to leave Andy's toys are imprisoned by
lot Zoe's henchman however who rely on
new recruits to save them from the
preschoolers abuse would he returns to
Sunnyside and learns that the only way
out is through the trash Andy's toys
accidentally reset buzz to spanish mode
and
his old persona Spanish buzz promptly
allies himself with woody and falls in
love with Jessie the toys reach a
dumpster but they are cornered by lots
of gang as a garbage truck approaches
woody reveals lots of deception - big
baby who throws Lotso into the dumpster
as the toys try to leave lots of
henchmen retreat and lots of drags woody
into a dumpster as the truck collects
the trash the rest of Andy's toys fall
into the truck while trying to rescue
him except Barbie Ken and big baby a
falling television lands on Buzz
restoring his memory and personality the
truck brings the toys to a landfill
where the aliens are swept away by
spotting a claw and the other toys are
deposited on a conveyer belt that leads
to an incinerator Woody and Buzz help
lotsa reached the emergency stop button
only for Lotso to abandon them and
escape the toys resigned themselves to
their fate as they're about to die in
the incinerator but are rescued by
aliens operating the claw lotsa was
found by a garbage truck driver who ties
him to the front of the radiator grill
and drives away woody and the other toys
board another garbage truck back to
Andy's home in Andy's room what he
climbs into the box of college supplies
while the other toys prepare for the
Attic woody leaves a note for Andy whoo
thinking the notice from his mother
takes the toys to Bonnie's house
- Andy's surprised woody is at the
bottom of the box and Bonnie recognizes
him though hesitant at first
Andy passes woody on to Bonnie and they
play together before he leaves woody and
the other toys witness Andy's departure
as they begin their new lives with
Bonnie during the credits scenes Barbie
Ken and big baby have made vast
improvements to Sunnyside daycare and
maintain contact with the other toys
through letters after parachuting in the
army men are welcomed at Sunnyside so
that was the spoilers for Toy Story 3 if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]